Make the grace period configurable (#2037)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/arguments-annotations-overview.md

| `--app-protocol` | `--app-protocol` | `-P` | `dapr.io/app-protocol` | Tells Dapr which protocol your application is using. Valid options are `http` and `grpc`. Default is `http` |
| `--sentry-address` | `--sentry-address` | | not supported | Address for the Sentry CA service |
| `--version` | `--version` | `-v` | not supported | Prints the runtime version |

> | `--dapr-graceful-shutdown-seconds` | not supported | | `dapr.io/graceful-shutdown-seconds` | Graceful shutdown duration in seconds for dapr, the maximum duration before force shutdown when waitting all in-progress requests to complete. Defaults to `5`, and maximum to `30` which is equivalent to Kubernetes termination grace period. Any vaule larger than the minimum duration will be setting to the minimum duration.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--dapr-graceful-shutdown-seconds` | not supported | | `dapr.io/graceful-shutdown-seconds` | Graceful shutdown duration in seconds for Dapr, the maximum duration before forced shutdown when waiting for all in-progress requests to complete. Defaults to `5`, and maximum value is `30` which is equivalent to Kubernetes termination grace period. Any value larger than the minimum duration will be set to the minimum duration.  |
```

Author: done

> | `--dapr-graceful-shutdown-seconds` | not supported | | `dapr.io/graceful-shutdown-seconds` | Graceful shutdown duration in seconds for dapr, the maximum duration before force shutdown when waitting all in-progress requests to complete. Defaults to `5`, and maximum to `30` which is equivalent to Kubernetes termination grace period. Any vaule larger than the minimum duration will be setting to the minimum duration.  |

Reviewer: Additionally, please re-evaluate this sentence as I think you might either mean "any value larger than the maximum" or "any value smaller than the minimum"?
`Any vaule larger than the minimum duration will be setting to the minimum duration.`

Author: Yes, thank you for pointing it out. What I really want to describe is`any value larger than the maximum`.
done.

Reviewer 2: @Taction  - Can you accept the suggested changes from @willtsai

Author: I have accepted these suggestions in fact, but the code has a minor change, so this doc has been changed too. 
I'll fix dco asap.

Author: The limit of `maximum duration` has been removed after a discussion about it.
